Ladies and gentlemen, in
our daily lives, we face
many relationships,
and these relationships
bring us happiness or suffering.
In this sharing session, I
would like to discuss one relationship: the relationship
between us and our parents. There are
two main types of relationships:
biological parents and parents-in-law. Relationships
with biological parents are relatively easy
because we often make demands and requests,
and
they usually fulfill them, leading to resentment. However,
relationships
with parents-in-law often bring
much trouble. Therefore, today, I
would like to share
with
you the topic of understanding parents to
experience happiness.
Let's come together and
share through an example: when
a son gets married, the
mother-in-law often...  A mother has a very
different perspective on her daughter-in-law. Although she
might have thoughts like, "
I must love my daughter-in-law," or "If there's
anything she needs to
improve," the
truth is, in a mother's heart, she
gives birth to and raises her child from birth,
so there's a very close bond between mother and
child. The child
is hers alone.
If anyone touches the child, the
mother will hit them, the mother will scold
them. Furthermore, a mother doesn't want to
share her child with anyone. She doesn't want to
share because if someone loves her child
more than her, she'll probably be happy, since the child is hers.
Let's try to understand this: we
love our lovers, we love
our husbands, but if someone loves
our lover more than us, would we like it? If someone loves
our husband more than us,
would we like it? No, we wouldn't. But
a
mother isn't necessarily like that. She
wants her child to be
happy, she wants her child to have someone to
love and care for them. That's her wish.  It's
about intellect, but as for
feelings, if a mother sees
her child loving someone else more than her,
she might not feel comfortable right away. Not feeling comfortable right away means that if she loves her child the most in the world, then her child should love her the most in the world. Now, if her child loves someone else more than her, she won't feel comfortable –
that's the truth,
something we must
understand. Only when we understand this will
we know how to
react. So,
when your mother-in-law
criticizes you for something, there's
a very small part of her heart, but it's
expressed outwardly in a
lot: in the child's eyes, no one
can be more perfect than their
mother. That's how feelings are. If you value
someone
the most, you also want them to value you the most,
and in their eyes, you don't
want anyone else to be the best, right?
We must
truly understand this;
no one wants to be the best.
For example, if you
have children, your child might come home and
love someone else more, praising someone else
the most.  Am I happy? No, I'm
not happy, am I? And then I do
n't even like the person
my child praised; my child doesn't like them either. So
I have to understand my parents, especially my mother. I
understand my father, that
if my child loves someone more than
me, I won't be
happy.
So I'll understand that when I enter
life, when I'm close
to my husband or my lover,
I have to know that in my
parents' hearts
there's a little resentment, and that's what
creates conflict. If
we didn't understand this before, then the mind of the
Han-Guan will understand this issue.
Therefore, when I get married,
the mind of the Han-Guan will know how to understand
my mother's feelings, so I have to listen to my mother
more, stand on her side more, because
standing on her side is to compensate for
the love my husband gave me.
My mother felt deprived of that love,
so when we see a
daughter-in-law who always sides with her mother-
in-law, the mother-in-law values ​​her not because of
money, but because we're trying to compensate.  To fill
the void, to compensate for
that feeling, to understand it better, there was a
time when she sat and talked about one thing after another.
At that time, my husband had
feelings for me, so his feelings
leaned towards me. My husband
reacted immediately. She kept talking about one thing and then another;
who could talk
to her? So, at that moment, I used the Mind-Reflection technique. I
followed her story,
ignoring my husband's words. Then I
told my husband, "You shouldn't do that.
Whatever Mom is saying, you should reply, '
That's not how you should upset Mom. Next time
I talk to Mom, you shouldn't
interrupt. You should just
follow the conversation.' And in
all matters of family life, especially
with my mother-in-law, I used the Mind-
Reflection technique. I completely followed that approach. Let me give you an example: there are
favorable and unfavorable examples. For example, favorable
is when my parents or
my husband's parents take care of my husband or
my children. In that case, we would
think like
this: I also hope to have the same
actions and feelings.  So, when
our parents need us, that's when
we must cultivate that mindset.
When we cultivate that mindset,
we have a calm mind, and
our heart, directed towards
our parents, becomes better and grows
stronger,
right? Conversely, when
our parents scold us,
or scold our spouse, the
first thing we should do is examine
our own mistakes, the mistakes of our spouse,
and our children. We should
deeply reflect on why our parents scolded us,
why they behaved that way, and what they
hoped for us—for us, our
spouse, our children—in that way.
When we understand clearly that
the scolding was meant to help
us improve, and that our parents' intentions were to do
so,
we will feel that our parents
share the same mindset. Because we also want
our loved ones and our children
to be better, we see a
reflection of ourselves
in their actions.  We feel love and
affection for our parents, not anger or resentment
like when we haven't
thought things through properly. That's why we're discussing
today's topic: understanding our
parents to experience happiness. When
we understand our parents in this way, in
favorable circumstances,
we feel happy and benefit,
and in unfavorable circumstances, when we
feel our parents haven't done what they wanted, that dissatisfaction
disappears because
we've empathized with them and
understood them. Therefore, we
won't have that state of mind of anger and
resentment. When we understand our
parents' actions and empathize with them, we will experience
joy, which is happiness.
So, we need to take the time
to reflect on each action of our parents
towards us, our spouses, and
our children. We will find
happiness in the moment we
empathize with and understand our parents. I, the Mind-Bound Contemplation,
would like to share with you
this method, this way of achieving harmony.  When we
receive
love or a loving action
from our husband or wife,
we immediately
think and direct our thoughts
towards
our parents, perhaps simply through a mental focus or
perhaps through
a loving action.
In this way, we achieve
harmony and a
very harmonious relationship between ourselves and our parents.
For example, if our parents,
our parents-in-law, or our spouse's parents, have loving feelings
for their child, we immediately
extend those feelings to them.
We
feel happiness as soon as we
extend that feeling, even before any
action. For instance,
when our mother-in-law or wife's mother has
feelings for our child,
we imagine what
our own parents would be like, and
we then extend those feelings
to our own parents. Just sit there for
a few minutes and
you'll immediately feel the
happiness.  Our hearts will feel love for our
parents and the gap between
us and our parents-in-law will disappear. In this way,
we will love
our own parents, we will not be demanding, indifferent, resentful, or
angry with them.
We will lose that negative mindset and find
happiness with our parents. Our parents
will feel much
happiness from their parents.
Every
day, you will write about your understanding
of your parents.
May we all experience
happiness. Wishing you all
understanding of your parents and happiness every
day.
[Music]
K